Add edit_message_media action for Telegram bot (#40635)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/telegram_bot.markdown

### Action `telegram_bot.edit_message_media`

Edit a previously sent message media in a conversation.

| Data attribute     | Optional | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `config_entry_id`      | yes      | The config entry representing the Telegram bot to edit the message media. Required if you have multiple Telegram bots.|

> | `message_id`           | no       | Id of the message to edit. When answering a callback from a pressed button, the id of the origin message is in: {% raw %}`{{ trigger.event.data.message.message_id }}`{% endraw %}. You can use `"last"` to refer to the last message sent to `chat_id`.                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `message_id`           | no       | ID of the message to edit. When reacting to a pressed button, the ID of the origin message is in: {% raw %}`{{ trigger.event.data.message.message_id }}`{% endraw %}. You can use `"last"` to refer to the last message sent to `chat_id`.                                                  |
```

> | `chat_id`              | no       | The chat_id where to edit the message media.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `chat_id`              | no       | The ID of the chat in which you want to edit the message media.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

> | `timeout`              | yes      | Timeout for sending the media in seconds. Will help with timeout errors (poor internet connection, etc)                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: if I have a poor connection, I should set a high value here? Like 10 seconds?

Author: yes, that is correct

> | `media_type`           | no       | The media type: `animation`, `audio`, `document`, `photo` or `video`.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `media_type`           | no       | The media type: `animation`, `audio`, `document`, `photo`, or `video`.  |
```
